Explore: Docs for logs pinning and filtering in content outline (#90281)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/explore/_index.md

You can then click on any panel icon in the content outline to navigate to that panel.

### Filter logs in content outline

> When using Explore with logs, you can filter the logs in the content outline. You can filter by log level, currently supported for Elasticsearch and Loki data sources. To select multiple filters, hold down the command key on Mac or the control key on Windows while clicking.

Reviewer: Should we mention that it's availbe only if the log volume histogram is shown and contains multiple levels?

Reviewer 2: Im not sure if this is digging into specifics too much, but a short nudge in how to see data if they're not might be helpful to new folks. 

```
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
Log levels will only show if the datasource supports the log volume histogram and contains multiple levels. Additionally, the query to the datasource may have to format the log lines to see the levels. For example, in loki, the `logfmt` parser commonly will display log levels.
{{% /admonition %}}

```

Author: @gelicia this is great! thanks for the suggestion. I think this will be helpful and it's not digging into specifics too much

You can then click on any panel icon in the content outline to navigate to that panel.

### Filter logs in content outline

> When using Explore with logs, you can filter the logs in the content outline. You can filter by log level, currently supported for Elasticsearch and Loki data sources. To select multiple filters, hold down the command key on Mac or the control key on Windows while clicking.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When using Explore with logs, you can filter the logs in the content outline. You can filter by log level, which is currently supported for Elasticsearch and Loki data sources. To select multiple filters, press Command-click on a Mac or Ctrl+Click in Windows.
```

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> Log levels will only show if the datasource supports the log volume histogram and contains multiple levels. Additionally, the query to the datasource may have to format the log lines to see the levels. For example, in loki, the `logfmt` parser commonly will display log levels.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Log levels only show if the datasource supports the log volume histogram and contains multiple levels. Additionally, the query to the data source may have to format the log lines to see the levels. For example, in Loki, the `logfmt` parser commonly will display log levels.
```

{{% /admonition %}}

{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/explore/screenshot-explore-content-outline-logs-filtering-11.2.png" max-width= "950px" caption="Screenshot of Explore content outline logs filtering" >}}

### Pin logs to content outline

When using Explore with logs, you can pin logs to content outline by hovering over a log in the logs panel and clicking on the _Pin to content outline_ icon in the log row menu.

{{< figure src="/media/docs/grafana/explore/screenshot-explore-content-outline-logs-pinning-11.2.png" max-width= "450px" caption="Screenshot of Explore content outline logs pinning" >}}

> Clicking on a pinned log will open the [log context modal](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/explore/logs-integration/#log-context), showing the log highlighted in context with other logs. From here, you can also open the log in split mode to preserve the time range in the left pane while having the time range specific to that log in the right pane.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Clicking on a pinned log opens the [log context modal](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/explore/logs-integration/#log-context), showing the log highlighted in context with other logs. From here, you can also open the log in split mode to preserve the time range in the left pane while having the time range specific to that log in the right pane.
```
